-   Binary Tree does not have any restrictions so, the worst case complexity of search operation is O(n)

-   Binary Search Tree comes into picture, as the name suggests, the main use of this representation is for searching.

-   In this representation we impose restriction on the kind of data a node can contain. As a result, it reduces the
    worst case average search operation to O(logn).


Properties of Binary Search Trees
    -   The left subtree of a node contains only nodes with keys less than the nodes key.
    -   The right subtree of a node contains only nodes with keys greater than the nodes key.
    -   Both the left and right subtrees must also be binary search trees.
    -   Height of binary tree can be log(n) or n(if it is a skew tree) where all elements are inserted in ascending order.
        -   This becomes a disadvantage, for which Self balanced binary tree is introduced.


Operations on Binary Search Trees
Main operations
    -   Find/ Find Minimum/ Find Maximum in binary search trees
    -   Inserting an element in binary search trees
    -   Deleting an element from binary search trees


Auxiliary Operations
    -   Checking whether the given tree is a binary search tree or not
    -   Finding kth smallest element in tree.
    -   Sorting the elements of binary search tree and many more


Notes on Binary Search Trees
    -   Since root data is always between left subtree data and right subtree data, performing inorder traversal
        on binary search tree produces a sorted list. So, the left most non-null leaf node is the minimum value in BST
        and the right most non-null leaf node is the maximum value in BST.

    -   The inorder predecessor of a given node x, is the right most node in the left subtree and inorder successor of
        a given node x, is the left most node in the right subtree.

    -   While solving problems on binary search trees, first we process left subtree, then root data, and finally
        we process right subtree. This means , depending on the problem, only the intermediate(processing root data)
        changes and we do not touch the first and third steps.

    -   If we are searching for an element and if the left subtree root data is less than the element we want to
        search, then skip it. The same is the case with the right subtree. Because of this, binary search trees
        take less time for searching and element than regular binary trees. In other words, the binary search trees
        consider either left or right subtrees for searching an element but not both.

    -   The basic operations that can be performed on binary search tree (BST) are insertion of element, deletion of element,
        and searching for and element. While performing these operations on BST the height of the tree gets changed each time.
        Hence there exists variations in time complexities of best case, average case, and worst case.

    -   The basic operations on a binary search tree take time proportional to　the height of the tree. For a complete binary
        tree with node n, such operations runs in O(logn) worst-case time. If the tree is a linear chain of n nodes.
        however, the same operations takes O(n) worst-case time.


